Privacy Policy

Last updated: [17.05.2024]

Melle Apps ("we", "our", "us") is committed to protecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, disclose, and safeguard your information when you use our Police Lights App. Please read this policy carefully. If you do not agree with the terms of this privacy policy, please do not use the application.

1. Information We Collect

We do not collect, use, store, or share any personal information while you visit, download, or upgrade our application.

2. Permissions

Our app does not require any special permissions.

3. Third-Party Libraries

Our application uses third-party libraries that may collect information used to identify you. Here are the libraries we use:

JUnit (junit:junit:4.13.2)
Glide (com.github.bumptech.glide:glide:4.16.0)
AndroidX JUnit (androidx.test.ext:junit:1.1.5)
Espresso Core (androidx.test.espresso:espresso-core:3.5.1)
AppCompat (androidx.appcompat:appcompat:1.6.1)
Material Components (com.google.android.material:material:1.11.0)
Activity (androidx.activity:activity:1.8.0)
ConstraintLayout (androidx.constraintlayout:constraintlayout:2.1.4)
4. Data Security

We strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your information. However, please remember that no method of transmission over the internet or method of electronic storage is 100% secure and reliable, and we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

5. Children's Privacy

Our services are not intended for use by children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If we discover that a child under 13 has provided us with personal information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.

6. Changes to This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

7. Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about our Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact us at melle.apps@yandex.com.
